# Meeting with Kyle - 2021-04-29

* Why do we care about canopy structure? Because it affects productivity. Need to make more clear the link between canopy structure and biomass/productivity.
* Do the grass separately in a different paper. Keep the message simple. Currently it feels like its tacked on. 
	* Read Natashi Pilon's paper (Vegetation Science), which looked at grass in understorey. Does out paper show anything different?
* We will have productivity data from SECO in the future, so we could publish a second paper which looks directly at productivity.
* Look at 'Quantitative Morphometrics" to see if there's a way to look at stuff from a 3D volume point of view, rather than reducing only to univariate metrics. Keep the simple stuff, but also maybe add the 3D stuff. 
	* see Kriebel, floral morphometrics.
	* Fourier transform analysis to quantify shapes? Landmark analysis?
	* Chain code analysis using SHAPE (Iwata and Ukai 2002). Calculated normalised elliptical fourier descriptors (EFDs)
	* Maybe a place for spatial clustering of voxels in the 3D space. 
		* Blonders - hypervolumes?
* Generate/look at/understand results at sub-plot scales versus plot scale, at plot scale we can bring in things like overall stem density
* Conduct analyses for just Bicuar (and maybe just Kilwa) to understand if the two sites are doing fundamentally different things

## DONE

* Are there other whole-plot canopy structure metrics I can derive? //
* Make a list of all the variables I have derived and their description //
* Think about using path analysis for foliage density profiles //
	* Richness -> Stand structure -> canopy structure 
* Fix outlier of whole plot rough_mean, rough_sd. //
* Remove grass from chapter and shunt it to another //
* Look at quantative morphometrics literature to see whether it could be used to measure 3D variation in foliage // - wasn't fruitful, difficult to do for point clouds.
* Add basic canopy gap fraction as a model in height profile models
* Conduct analyses just for Bicuar, just for Kilwa, to understand if two sites differ.
	* Height profiles //
	* Whole plot //
* Add gap fraction mean as a response in the whole plot models //
* Compare subplot and whole-plot stats - `sub_plot_compare.R` //
